XRDDEV-1162 (#30)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: README.md

 - port: Healthcheck port
 - path: Healthcheck path

  ```bash
  [...]
containers:
  readinessProbe:
    httpGet:
      path: /
      port: 5588
    initialDelaySeconds: 200
    periodSeconds: 30
    successThreshold: 1
    failureThreshold: 1
  [...]
  ```

### 4.2 Liveness probes
The liveness probes are used to know when restart a container. The liveness probes will perform a health check each period of time and restart the container if it fails.

The liveness probes are useful when the pod is not in a live state and can not be accessed through the UI, for example, due to the pod being caught in a deadlock or one of the services running in the container has stopped.

The parameters for the liveness probes are the same than for the readiness probes, but using the port 80 to check if nginx is running and serving the application instead of using port 5588 to check if the Sidecar pod is ready to serve traffic. It is recommended also to increase the failureThreshold value.

  ```bash
  [...]
containers:
livenessProbe:
  httpGet:
   path: /
   port: 80
  initialDelaySeconds: 100
  periodSeconds: 10
  successThreshold: 1
  failureThreshold: 5
  [...]
  ```

>   ### 4.3 Startup probes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4.3 Startup probes
```

> Indicates whether the application within the container is started. All other probes are disabled if a startup probe is provided until it succeeds.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The startup probes Indicate whether the application within the container is started. All other probes are disabled if a startup probe is provided until it succeeds.
```

> The startup probes Indicate whether the application within the container is started. All other probes are disabled if a startup probe is provided until it succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The startup probes indicate whether the application within the container is started. All other probes are disabled if a startup probe is provided until it succeeds.
```

Startup probes are useful for Pods that have containers that take a long time to come into service. This is not really useful in the Sidecar pod because it takes to short to start.

>  Within a different scenario, if the Sidecar could take a long time to start, this probe can be used combine with the liveness probe, for waiting until the startup probe has succeeded before starts the liveness probe.  The trick is to set up a startup probe with the same command, HTTP or TCP check, with a failureThreshold * periodSeconds long enough to cover the worse case startup time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a different scenario where the Sidecar would take a long time to start, the startup probe can be used in combination with the liveness probe, so that it waits until the startup probe has succeeded before starting the liveness probe. The tricky part is to set up a startup probe with the same command, HTTP or TCP check, with a failureThreshold * periodSeconds long enough to cover the worse case startup time.
```
